# SpreeWebpay

SpreeWebpay is a library that provides a gateway for the Transbank payment method called Webpay. This extension allows you to integrate Webpay into your Spree-based e-commerce application, enabling secure and convenient online payments for your customers.

With SpreeWebpay, you can easily add Webpay as a payment option, allowing your customers to complete their transactions using their preferred payment method. This integration ensures a seamless checkout experience and helps increase customer satisfaction.

To get started with SpreeWebpay, follow the installation instructions below. Once installed, you can test the integration and customize it to fit your specific requirements. If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvement, please refer to the contributing guidelines for assistance.

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:
  ```ruby
  gem 'spree_webpay', github: 'garagelabscl/spree_webpay'
  ```

2. Install the gem using Bundler:
  ```ruby
  bundle install
  ```

3. Copy & run migrations
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails g spree_webpay:install
  ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_webpay/factories'
```


## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please take a look at the
[instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md) for installing dependencies and crafting a good
pull request.

Copyright (c) 2024 Daniel Vargas, released under the New BSD License
